Add quick start notebook to Optax. (#143)
deepmind/optax: README.md

pip install optax
```

> ## Quick Start

Reviewer: Suggestion: nit

```suggestion
## Quickstart
```

(I think that's how they use it elsewhere)

Optax contains implementations of [many popular optimizers](https://optax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api.html#Common-Optimizers). For example
the following code snippet obtains `adam`. We initialize the optimizer state
using the `init` function and `params` of the network.

> ```

Reviewer: This can help with Markdown rendering:

```suggestion
```python
```

optimizer = optax.adam(learning_rate)
# Obtain the `opt_state` that contains statistics for the optimizer.
opt_state = optimizer.init(params)  # params are the weights you're optimizing.
```

To write the update loop we need a loss function (here assumed to be

> `compute_loss`) that can differentiated by `jax` to obtain the gradients.

Reviewer: Suggestion: add missing "be" and emphasize `jax.grad` since the other alternative could be `jax.value_and_grad` 🤷‍♂️ 

```suggestion
`compute_loss`) that can be differentiated by JAX (with `jax.grad` in this example) to obtain the gradients.
```

> ```

Reviewer: This can help with Markdown rendering:

```suggestion
```python
```

grads = jax.grad(compute_loss)(params, xs, ys)
```

The gradients are then converted via `optimizer.update` to obtain the updates
that should be applied to the current params to obtain the new ones. `optax.apply_updates` is a convinience utility to do this.

> ```

Reviewer: Also here
```suggestion
```python
```

updates, opt_state = optimizer.update(grads, opt_state)
params = optax.apply_updates(params, updates)
```

> The full quick start can be found in [the examples.](https://github.com/deepmind/optax/blob/master/optax/examples/quick_start.ipynb)

Reviewer: Suggestion: to emphasize "notebook" (everyone loves notebooks!)

```suggestion
You can find the full [Optax quickstart notebook](https://github.com/deepmind/optax/blob/master/optax/examples/quick_start.ipynb)
in the examples.
```
